Started populating front page (#1)
astropy/astropy-mentoring: index.md

handbooks for the mentoring program. These include
recommendations/suggested guidance such as related to communication, tracking
progress, and so on. However, many aspects are be left up to the mentee and
mentor to decide on, and a large fraction of the handbook is guidance
not requirements. The mentor is responsible for making sure that regular
meetings are held with the mentee and to offer guidance and support in a way
most suitable to the mentee.

### Progress check-in and reviews

The mentoring program will send automated monthly check-ins with mentors and
mentees by email to ask if there are any issues that need to be raised with the
mentoring coordinator (with the default of not needing to reply if everything is
going well).

Every three months, the mentor will be sent an automated email to ask them to
assess progress progress and determine whether the mentee is ready to 'graduate'
to the formal role - and they should reply to the email with their conclusions.

### 'Graduation'

Once the mentor has determined that the mentee is ready to join the formal role,
they should go through the standard project process to nominate someone to a role.

> Once the role is approved, the formal 'mentoring' ends, but we encourage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the role is approved, the formal mentoring program ends, but we encourage
```
